Hop in the Fire Ladder Truck and race to the scene! Extend the ladder and put out the fire. Use the special stud-shooting hose to battle the blaze and fight the flames on the ground with the fire extinguisher. Keep the oil barrel from exploding! It's up to you to protect the city! Put out the burning oil barrel! Hop in the Fire Ladder Truck and race to the scene! Extend the ladder and put out the fire. Use the special stud-shooting hose to battle the blaze and fight the flames on the ground with the fire extinguisher. Keep the oil barrel from exploding! It's up to you to protect the city! Product Features: • Includes 2 minifigures: a female firefighter and a male firefighter • Features a Fire Ladder Truck with extending ladder and hose, plus an oil barrel • Move the Fire Ladder Truck into position, extend the ladder and get above the fire • Pull out the fire hose and shoot the water elements with the stud-shooting function to put out the fire! Accessory elements include a fire extinguisher, shovel, circular saw, water studs and an axe • Fire Ladder Truck measures over 3 Inch high, 7 Inch long and 1 Inch wide/

Product Information

At ASDA, we do everything we can to make sure the information about the products we sell is always as accurate as possible. However, because products are regularly improved, the product information, ingredients, nutritional guides and dietary or allergy advice may occasionally change.

As a result, we recommend that you always read the label carefully before using or consuming any products. Please do not solely rely on the information provided on this website Because of this, ASDA is unable to accept liability for any inaccuracies or incorrect information contained on this site.

If you have any queries, or you'd like advice on any ASDA own label products, please contact our friendly Customer Services team on 0800 952 6060. For up to date information on other products, please speak to the manufacturer.

This does not affect your statutory rights. This information is supplied for personal use only. It must not be reproduced in any way whatsoever without the prior consent of ASDA, nor without due acknowledgement.

