Product Marketing:

The Samsung Galaxy Tab E is a stylish, affordable tablet with an ergonomic design, practical camera options and a number of child-friendly functions that make it perfect for the entire family. With Multi Window on the Tab E, you can access two apps at once. Multi Window allows you to open two supported apps side by side, making it easy to flip through photos as you write an email or check you calendar and social network at the same time. The Tab E is just 8.5mm thin and weighs less than 500g making it a practical tablet to take on your travels. A non-slip fabric-style rear casing provides you with a secure and comfortable grip. With Kids Mode on the Samsung Galaxy Tab A you can have peace of mind, while allowing your children to enjoy a colourful, engaging tablet experience. It gives you the ability to manage what your kids access and how long they spend using it, all while keeping your own files private. Kids Mode is available to download for free from Samsung Galaxy Essentials via Samsung Apps. The Tab E comes with 8GB of memory which should prove plenty of room for storing all of your apps and games. If you need more room for media, such as music, photos, movies and more, then you can increase the Tab E's memory by up to 128GB with a microSD card. Display: 9.6 inch screen. Resolution 1280 x 800 pixels. Multi-touch screen. LED backlit display. Specifications: 1.3GHz ARM 7100 quad core processor. 1.5GB RAM. 8 GB internal storage. Android 4.4 Kit Kat operating system. General features: Built-in speaker. Webcam. Wi-Fi enabled. Bluetooth - enabling you to easily and wirelessly connect with other Bluetooth enabled devices. 3.5mm stereo headphone jack. Microphone. Micro USB. The Tab E includes both front and rear facing cameras with advanced features to help you take high quality photos with a single touch. You can even take a sequence of photos one after the other by holding down the shutter button. Additional information: Up to 8 hours battery life (depending on usage). 8.5mm thin. Size H24.1, W14.9cm. Weight 299g.

Further Description:

.

Product Information:

At ASDA, we do everything we can to make sure the information about the products we sell is always as accurate as possible. However, because products are regularly improved, the product information, ingredients, nutritional guides and dietary or allergy advice may occasionally change.

As a result, we recommend that you always read the label carefully before using or consuming any products. Please do not solely rely on the information provided on this website Because of this, ASDA is unable to accept liability for any inaccuracies or incorrect information contained on this site.

If you have any queries, or you'd like advice on any ASDA own label products, please contact our friendly Customer Services team on 0800 952 6060. For up to date information on other products, please speak to the manufacturer.

This does not affect your statutory rights. This information is supplied for personal use only. It must not be reproduced in any way whatsoever without the prior consent of ASDA, nor without due acknowledgement.