Product Marketing:

Trim your beard, mustache and sideburns while keeping tidy with this trimmer. Its powerful vacuum catches cut hair as you go along, giving you a mess-free trim. Select your preferred trim length by simply turning the zoom wheel on the handle until the length you want is displayed from 0,5 - 10mm with 0,5mm precision. Your chosen length is now "locked in" for a perfectly even trim. When you are done trimming, just click on this precision trimmer to finish up your style with defining details and edges or trimming your moustache. Trim your stubble in one quick stroke. Our innovative lift & trim system raises hairs then guides them to the double-sharpened stainless steel blades. The result is an even stubble or trim in just one go. Strong steel blades are double-sharpened and made to last a very long time to cut through even thick hair. They sharpen themselves by lightly brushing against each other as you trim. Once you are done, simply rinse the blades and comb under the tap, empty the hair chamber and brush away any loose hairs with the added cleaning brush for long-lasting performance. Charge your beard trimmer for 1 hour to get 60 minutes of cordless use. If you need more energy while trimming, you can simply plug the trimmer into the wall. This trimmer has been designed to run both cordless and plugged in. The battery indicator shows when your trimmer is charged, charging, or when it needs to be plugged in. We back this Philips trimmer with a 2-year guarantee: our grooming products are built to last. You'll never need to oil it, and it's compatible with all worldwide voltages.


Product Information:

At ASDA, we do everything we can to make sure the information about the products we sell is always as accurate as possible. However, because products are regularly improved, the product information, ingredients, nutritional guides and dietary or allergy advice may occasionally change.

As a result, we recommend that you always read the label carefully before using or consuming any products. Please do not solely rely on the information provided on this website Because of this, ASDA is unable to accept liability for any inaccuracies or incorrect information contained on this site.

If you have any queries, or you'd like advice on any ASDA own label products, please contact our friendly Customer Services team on 0800 952 6060. For up to date information on other products, please speak to the manufacturer.

This does not affect your statutory rights. This information is supplied for personal use only. It must not be reproduced in any way whatsoever without the prior consent of ASDA, nor without due acknowledgement.