Andrex Classic Clean Washlets A touch of cotton White Moist Toilet Tissue 42 Toilet Wipes 2 Ply Andrex Wipes For best results, use alongside Andrex® Classic Clean Toilet Roll

Ingredients

Aqua , Phenoxyethanol , Propylene Glycol , Sodium Citrate , Sodium Benzoate , Benzoic Acid , Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate , Dehydroacetic Acid , Parfum , Tocopheryl Acetate , Citric Acid .

Country of Origin

Produce of the EU

Packed In

Produce of the EU

Features

Cotton fresh fragrance. Flushable toilet tissue wipes. Skin pH neutral/dermatologically tested, biodegradable.

Product Marketing

Andrex® wants everyone to feel as clean as possible and Andrex Classic Clean Washlets® is designed with this in mind. These lightly moistened toilet tissues with a cotton fresh fragrance will leave you feeling extra clean and fresh when used alongside your regular Andrex® toilet paper.

Further Description

Andrex Classic Clean Washlets A touch of cotton White Moist Toilet Tissue 42 Toilet Wipes 2 Ply Andrex Wipes For best results, use alongside Andrex® Classic Clean Toilet Roll

Other information

1255mm x 184mm

Regulated Product Name

Andrex® Washlets Pack

Storage Type

Ambient

Recycling Info

Recycle with carrier bags at larger stores - Not at Kerbside: Film.
Third Party Logo

FSC.

Manufacturer Address

Kimberly Clark Limited
40 London Rd
Reigate
Surrey
RH2 9QP.

Return To

If you have any comments regarding this product, please write to; Consumer Relations Services, quoting AFEMTTR Kimberly-Clark Limited
1 Tower View
Kings Hill
West Malling
ME19 4HA. Or call us on: Freephone 0800 626 008 (UK) 1800 626 0008 (ROI) quoting the number printed on the inside of the core

Preparation and Usage

They have been thoroughly tested to ensure that they are flushable and biodegradable. For best results flush 1-2 sheets at a time. The Andrex® Clean Routine. 1. Use 3-4 sheets per wipe of good quality toilet paper 2. Wipe from front to back 3. Use 1-2 sheets of moist toilet tissue 4. Finish by patting dry with toilet paper 5. Always wash hands with soap Flushable - For best results, flush one or two wipes at a time

Product Information

At ASDA, we do everything we can to make sure the information about the products we sell is always as accurate as possible. However, because products are regularly improved, the product information, ingredients, nutritional guides and dietary or allergy advice may occasionally change.

As a result, we recommend that you always read the label carefully before using or consuming any products. Please do not solely rely on the information provided on this website Because of this, ASDA is unable to accept liability for any inaccuracies or incorrect information contained on this site.

If you have any queries, or you'd like advice on any ASDA own label products, please contact our friendly Customer Services team on 0800 952 6060. For up to date information on other products, please speak to the manufacturer.

This does not affect your statutory rights. This information is supplied for personal use only. It must not be reproduced in any way whatsoever without the prior consent of ASDA, nor without due acknowledgement.